okay we're going to load the mechonis
three camera with film we're going to
start by looking at the top of the lens
here and you'll see a little notch there
that's the position when it's in the
lenses in the loaded position you pull
out and twist it at half a turn quarter
turn and the lens will come out okay now
the next part is a little bit tricky you
have to use these dogs on the top of the
camera here you line up the these little
levers and you can see that right there
on each side and once you have those
lined up you just push down to free up
the camera body now you have the part
where the film goes you see here in the
back there's a little trapdoor that
flips open your film goes right in here
pull it across find the slot for it
and then the way this camera fires is it
has one lever that loads advances the
film and then also serves the Shire
there's a shutter and then we advance
the film make sure it's on there now so
the next parts a little tricky
oops that film stays in there get that
trapdoor back you need to insert the
body cert the guts of the camera back
into the body and you need to work it
down and I'd be careful a little bit
where you push but work it down push on
these dogs on the side until the lens
can be reinserted sometimes you have to
work on it for a little bit you see now
that the lens is starting to look the
line up there and you put the lens back
on make sure you get the get it right
side up it's not quite in there yet
there we go see how it's lined up now
the lens on there like so
push in turn until it clicks into place
and the camera is all loaded